hi guys how are you oh yeah it's cold
today - 25 centigrade Louie you have a
good night
there's mum is Noel over there and Nick
the dead and all the puppies that are
left there's a woolly one I don't know
why it's not focusing anyway okay hi
guys how are you
you still got lots of food in there
let's go check I see your water's frozen
again alright still a little bit left
okay we'll get you filled up yeah
okay you see we got a bucket of feed
let's go gotta go make our rounds we had
some snow last night I see okay yep
hurry up get it goat seas are not
allowed come on get over there
okay next stop let's go here we go
okay next stop here you go
oh here comes trouble okay
let's go guys here we go
okay goats he comes we go
okay copy you took the shortcut I see
here comes one of your clients
I'm um ok let's go we gotta move on
bite on the lip
how you doing Nikki yeah okay pop C's
and Yuki seven puppies left three you
guys are already sold do you know that
it's mum hi dad
alright let's go okay last one at the
gate guys
all righty well done